Allocation refactoring (#1503)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/contribute/addnode.qmd

    # Other fields
end
```

> Another abstract class inherited from `AbstractParameterNode` is called `AbstractDemandNode`. For creating new node type used in allocation, define a struct:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another abstract class which inherits from `AbstractParameterNode` is called `AbstractDemandNode`. For creating a new demand node type used in allocation, define a struct:
```

Nice that you thought of also adding this here (: I'm not sure 'inheritance' is the proper word to use here, as that word might be specific for object-oriented languages. Let's ask @visr.

Reviewer 2: Yeah instead of "abstract class inherits", "abstract type subtypes" is perhaps more precise.
